Master Renqi, you have become more capable.
Even your sister-in-law dares to understand,
Are you okay? Brother,
When will it work? You might as well guess,
These are all pretend. is for,
The business has already gone out like this. It turns out you already knew what he was thinking,
You have been helping him fight wild troubles. Not so,
You wouldn't, you just think I'm attracted to you.
You are hearing nonsense. It turns out that you have come back early,
Reincarnate the fool I am. Speaking of which,
I have to thank you. I can become what I am now,
It's all about your thoughts. My good brother.
What did you say? I don’t understand, I don’t understand. crazy
We look at the new brothers
I, Sheng Yulan, don’t have a brother like you